com/mojang/minecraft/level/LevelListener.java
 com.mojang.minecraft.level.LevelListener
com/mojang/minecraft/character/Vec3.java
 com.mojang.minecraft.character.Vec3
com/mojang/minecraft/character/Vertex.java
 com.mojang.minecraft.character.Vertex
com/mojang/minecraft/character/Polygon.java
 com.mojang.minecraft.character.Polygon
com/mojang/minecraft/HitResult.java
 com.mojang.minecraft.HitResult
com/mojang/minecraft/renderer/Tesselator.java
 com.mojang.minecraft.renderer.Tesselator
com/mojang/minecraft/renderer/Frustum.java
 com.mojang.minecraft.renderer.Frustum
com/mojang/minecraft/MinecraftApplet.java
 com.mojang.minecraft.MinecraftApplet
com/mojang/minecraft/gui/Font.java
 com.mojang.minecraft.gui.Font
com/mojang/minecraft/Timer.java
 com.mojang.minecraft.Timer
com/mojang/minecraft/character/Cube.java
 com.mojang.minecraft.character.Cube
com/mojang/minecraft/character/ZombieModel.java
 com.mojang.minecraft.character.ZombieModel
com/mojang/minecraft/phys/AABB.java
 com.mojang.minecraft.phys.AABB
com/mojang/minecraft/renderer/Textures.java
 com.mojang.minecraft.renderer.Textures
com/mojang/minecraft/level/LevelGen.java
 com.mojang.minecraft.level.LevelGen
com/mojang/minecraft/level/NoiseMap.java
 com.mojang.minecraft.level.NoiseMap
com/mojang/minecraft/level/Level.java
 com.mojang.minecraft.level.Level
com/mojang/minecraft/Minecraft.java
 com.mojang.minecraft.Minecraft
com/mojang/minecraft/particle/ParticleEngine.java
 com.mojang.minecraft.particle.ParticleEngine
com/mojang/minecraft/level/tile/Bush.java
 com.mojang.minecraft.level.tile.Bush
com/mojang/minecraft/level/LevelRenderer.java
 com.mojang.minecraft.level.LevelRenderer
com/mojang/minecraft/level/tile/Tile.java
 com.mojang.minecraft.level.tile.Tile
com/mojang/minecraft/particle/Particle.java
 com.mojang.minecraft.particle.Particle
com/mojang/minecraft/level/DirtyChunkSorter.java
 com.mojang.minecraft.level.DirtyChunkSorter
com/mojang/minecraft/character/Zombie.java
 com.mojang.minecraft.character.Zombie
com/mojang/minecraft/Entity.java
 com.mojang.minecraft.Entity
com/mojang/minecraft/Player.java
 com.mojang.minecraft.Player
com/mojang/minecraft/level/tile/DirtTile.java
 com.mojang.minecraft.level.tile.DirtTile
com/mojang/minecraft/level/Chunk.java
 com.mojang.minecraft.level.Chunk
com/mojang/minecraft/level/tile/GrassTile.java
 com.mojang.minecraft.level.tile.GrassTile
